Single selection combo implementation (#10307)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: projects/igniteui-angular/src/lib/simple-combo/README.md

# igx-simple-combo
The `igx-simple-combo` is a modification of the `igx-combo` component that allows single selection and has the appropriate UI and behavior for that. It inherits most of the `igx-combo`'s API.

> It provides an editable input used for filtering data and while making use of the IgniteUI for Angular `igx-drop-down` component which is used to display the items in the data set.

Reviewer: `... and while making ...` - I do not get this

> Alongside easy filtering and selection of a single item, the control provides grouping and adding of custom values to the dropdown list.

Reviewer: new values are added to the data source not to the dropdown list.

A walk through of how to get started can be found [here](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-angular/angular/components/simple-combo.html)

# Usage
Basic usage of `igx-simple-combo` bound to a local data source, defining `valueKey` and `displayKey`:

```html
<igx-simple-combo [data]="localData" [valueKey]="'ProductID'" [displayKey]="'ProductName'"></igx-simple-combo>
```

Remote binding, defining `valueKey` and `displayKey`, and exposing `dataPreLoad` that allows to load new chunk of remote data to the combo (see the sample above as a reference):

```html
<igx-simple-combo [data]="remoteData | async" (dataPreLoad)="dataLoading($event)" [valueKey]="'ProductID'" [displayKey]="'ProductName'" ></igx-simple-combo>
```

```typescript
public ngOnInit(): void {
    this.remoteData = this.remoteService.remoteData;
}

public ngAfterViewInit(): void {
    this.remoteService.getData(this.combo.virtualizationState, (data) => {
        this.combo.totalItemCount = data.length;
    });
}

public dataLoading(evt): void {

>         if (this.prevRequest) {

Reviewer: fix indentation here

If you want to bind the selected data by reference, **do not** specify a `valueKey`:

```html
<igx-simple-combo #combo [data]="data" displayKey="text" [(ngModel)]="value"></igx-simple-combo>
```
```typescript
export class MyExampleComponent {
    ...
    public data: {text: string, id: number, ... }[] = ...;
    ...
    public value: {text: string, id: number, ...} = this.items[0];
}
```

<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Filtering
Unlike the `igx-combo`, filtering in the `igx-simple-combo` is always enabled.

<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Custom Values
Enabling the custom values will add values that are missing from the list, using the combo's interface.

```html
<igx-simple-combo [allowCustomValues]="true"></igx-simple-combo>
```

<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Disabled
You can disable the combo using the following code:

```html
<igx-simple-combo [disabled]="true"></igx-simple-combo>
```

<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Grouping
Defining a combo's groupKey option will group the items, according to that key.

```html

> <igx-simple-combo [groupKey]="'primaryKey'"></igx-simple-combo>

Reviewer: using `primaryKey` as `groupKey` here could be missleading. Change it with `groupKey` or something else, but not `primaryKey`.

    <ng-template igxComboHeader>
        <div class="header-class">Custom header</div>
        <img src=""/>
    </ng-template>
</igx-simple-combo>
```

#### Defining footer template:

```html
<igx-simple-combo>
    <ng-template igxComboFooter>
        <div class="footer-class">Custom footer</div>
        <img src=""/>
    </ng-template>
</igx-simple-combo>
```

#### Defining empty template:

```html
<igx-simple-combo>
    <ng-template igxComboEmpty>
        <span>List is empty</div>
    </ng-template>
</igx-simple-combo>
```

#### Defining add template:

```html
<igx-simple-combo>
    <ng-template igxComboAddItem>
        <span>Add town</span>
    </ng-template>
</igx-simple-combo>
```

#### Defining toggle icon template:

```html
<igx-simple-combo>
    <ng-template igxComboToggleIcon let-collapsed>
        <igx-icon>{{ collapsed ? 'remove_circle' : 'remove_circle_outline'}}</igx-icon>
    </ng-template>
</igx-simple-combo>
```

#### Defining toggle icon template:

```html
<igx-simple-combo>
    <ng-template igxComboClearIcon>
        <igx-icon>clear</igx-icon>
    </ng-template>
</igx-simple-combo>
```

## Keyboard Navigation

When the combo is closed and focused:

> - `ArrowDown` or `Alt` + `ArrowDown` will open the dropdown and will move focus to the selected item, if no selected item is present, the first item in the list wil lbe focused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ArrowDown` or `Alt` + `ArrowDown` will open the dropdown and will move focus to the selected item, if no selected item is present, the first item in the list will be focused.
```

<div class="divider--half"></div>

## Display Density
**igx-simple-combo** supports setting of different display densities.
Display density is received through Angular's DI engine or can be set through the `[displayDensity]` input. The possible display densities are `compact`, `cosy` and `comfortable` (default).
Setting `[displayDensity]` affects the control's items' and inputs' css properties, most notably heights, padding, font-size.

### Properties
| Name                     | Description                                       | Type                        |
|--------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------|
| `id`                    | combo id                                          | `string`                      |
| `data`                  | combo data source                                 | `any`                         |
| `value`                 | combo value                                       | `string`                      |
| `allowCustomValue`      | enables/disables combo custom value                | `boolean`                     |

> | `valueKey`              | combo value data source property                  | `string`                      |

Reviewer: use the same description as in the component
_Determines which column in the data source is used to determine the value._

> | `displayKey`            | combo display data source property                | `string`                      |

Reviewer: use same description as in the component
_Determines which column in the data source is used to determine the display value._
